Document -modules=true as config validation cmd (#3910)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/operators-guide/configure/about-configurations.md

If you need to, you can use advanced CLI flags to override specific values on a particular Grafana Mimir component or replica. This can be helpful if you want to change a parameter that is specific to a certain component, without having to do a full restart of all other components.

The most common use case for CLI flags is to use the `-target` flag to run Grafana Mimir as microservices. By setting the `-target` CLI flag, all Grafana Mimir components share the same configuration file, but you can make them behave as a given component by specifying a `-target` command-line value, such as `-target=ingester` or `-target=querier`.

## Validate a configuration

To validate your configuration, run the command `mimir -modules true -config.file <path-to-config-file>`.

> This is useful if you want to validate the configuration in a CI environment before deploying it.

Author: ```suggestion
This is useful if you want to validate the configuration before deploying it and can be used both locally and in a CI environment.
```

@osg-grafana I'd like to rephrase this, do this look good to you?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is useful if you want to validate the configuration before deploying it. You can use the command locally or in a CI environment.
```

Reviewer: The subject is missing in the second part of that passive construction. I assume you mean that you can use the command (and not the configuration file) in that second part. Please vet for technical accuracy.

Author: Thank you, looks good.

> ## Validating configurations
> 
> You can validate your configuration file by running the `mimir -modules true -config.file <path-to-config-file>` command. 
> This can be useful to validate the configuration in a CI environment before deploying it.
> - If the configuration file is valid, the command will exit with a zero exit code and will print the available modules. 
> - If the configuration file is invalid, the command will exit with a non-zero exit code and print the error message to the standard output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Validate a configuration

To validate your configuration, run the command `mimir -modules true -config.file <path-to-config-file>`.
This is useful if you want to validate the configuration in a CI environment before deploying it.
- If the configuration file is valid, the command exits with a zero exit code and prints the available modules. 
- If the configuration file is invalid, the command exits with a non-zero exit code and prints the error message to standard output.
```
What can "zero" be? `zero`, `0`, or something else? (as well)?

This topic is a task that can be shared (via an embedded file) across multiple files. Can you create a separate file for this topic that is a task? See https://github.com/grafana/writers-toolkit/blob/main/docs/static/templates/task-template.md.

Author: Zero is the number 0 here.

> To validate your configuration, run the command `mimir -modules true -config.file <path-to-config-file>`.

Reviewer 2: `-modules` doesn't need an argument.
```suggestion
To validate your configuration, run the command `mimir -modules -config.file <path-to-config-file>`.
```

Author: Thank you, @56quarters!
